Dear COCHE,

I’m writing to express my interest in bringing my skills and experience to the Hong Kong Centre for Cerebro-Cardiovascular Health Engineering Limited.  As a postgraduate research student in HKUST, I have learned on how to tackle many difficult problems without any clear answer using any tools or skill set that is available to me. This experience has made me into a person with a problem-solver mindset. Moreover, since I come from a multidisciplinary background, in which I need to work with many people of different expertise (bioinformatics, machine learning, material science, etc). I can flexibly communicates and collaborating with other people. 

On my technical skills, over the course of my studies I have developed proven coding skill with many different languages including: Python, Fortran, and C++. In addition with my experience as a research assistant in the physics laboratory (Molecular Beam Epitaxy and Scanning Tunneling Microscope lab), I have developed knowledge about thin film growth and characterization. Moreover, I also have a workable knowledge on PCB design, electronics, CAD, and IoT communications protocol by working on automation and developing a nanopositioning stage. 

Over many years working on basic sciences, now I have an urge to bring my skill and knowledge for the public. I think a good research is the one that can affect the lives of people and not only satisfy your curiosity. My future goal is become a researcher that can do an impactful research whereever I am placed.

Hopefully, I can bring these skills to your company. Thank you for taking the time to consider my application, and I look forward to hearing from you.

Best regards,

Wilwin
 brief description of what your academic interests are and how they relate to your previous studies and future goals 


Update regarding the Piezos:
PI: The person said that the dimension in the quotation should be the same as in the quotation (3×3x2.2 mm and 5x5x9.5 mm). They doesn't provide AlN end plates. The standard Al2O3 end plates roughness is <1 um and the polished one is <0.5 um, but they said that the roughness is not a specification hence it will not be measured.
Coremorrow: The roughness is Ra 0.4-0.6, still asking do they have the polished one, only Aluminium oxide is available.
Noliac: No reply
Thorlab: No reply
Looking at this, maybe it is better to glue the end plates ourselves using our own AlN plates?

Send them the parts top bottom etc except prism